# ISM330IS

The ISM330IS is a 6-axis IMU (inertial measurement unit) system-in-package
featuring a 3-axis digital accelerometer and a 3-axis digital gyroscope,
boosting
performance at 0.59 mA in high-performance mode and enabling always-on lowpower
features for optimal motion results in industrial and IoT solutions.
The ISM330IS has a full-scale acceleration range of ±2/±4/±8/±16 g and an
angular rate range of ±125/±250/±500/±1000/±2000 dps.

The ISM330IS features programmable interrupts and an on-chip sensor hub, which
includes up to six sensors: the internal accelerometer & gyroscope and four
external sensors.

The ISM330IS embeds a new ST category of processing, ISPU (intelligent sensor
processing unit) to support real-time applications that rely on sensor data.
The ISPU is an ultralow-power, high-performance programmable core, which can execute
signal processing and AI algorithms in the edge. The main benefits of the ISPU
are C programming and an enhanced ecosystem with libraries and 3rd party tools/IDE.

Its optimized ultralow-power hardware circuitry for real-time execution of the
algorithms is a state-of-the-art
feature for any wireless sensor node from small equipment or accessories to
enterprise solutions for Industry 5.0
(for example, anomaly detection, asset tracking, factory automation, and so
forth).

The part number ISM330ISN, moreover, can execute the machine learning libraries
generated by ST's NanoEdge
AI Studio, a powerful tool that allows anyone to easily create machine learning
libraries with on-sensor learning.

The ISM330IS and ISM330ISN are available in a plastic, land grid array (LGA)
package.

For more info, please visit the device page at [https://www.st.com/en/mems-and-sensors/ism330is.html](https://www.st.com/en/mems-and-sensors/ism330is.html)

